# Academic Paper Reviewer

## Use Cases

### User & Stakeholders

#### User

##### Basic Info
- uid
- email (username)
- title (Prof, Dr, Mr, Ms, Mrs)
- full name
- Avatar (Optional)

##### Papers Info
- Show papers that user submitted to be reviewed
- Show papers which need to be reviewed by the user

##### Belongs Info
- one or more Program Committee(s) (showed by tags)
- a leader / manager

##### Type
- Member
- Manager
	- Have a leadership with some users
	- or manage some Program Committees
- Admin
	- admin for the whole system
	- have the entire permission

##### Tips
1. Guests are not users. They need to register

#### Program Committee

##### Basic Info
- uid
- name
- created time (generated by system)
- email
- introduction
- members
- category
- papers

##### Attributes

- A user can stay in different organizations synchronously

##### Manage

- Have some managers to administer and maintain the group
- Create, edit, delete by admins


## Systems

### User Access (Register & Login)

#### Location: Webpage Entry

Only users, members and administrators of this system can access this service.

#### Basic Requirements

Verify the user's identity. For guests support registration and assignment of organizations.

### Paper Reviewing (Core)

#### Double Blind

The reviewer can not find the ditail of each other

#### Result Released

Results of a paper will not be released until all reviewers have finished.

#### Status

A reminder given to the user to show the todo list (what papers they need to review)


### User Info Management

### Organization Management


## Development

### Front End

Framework: React.js + React Hook + Redux ...

Component Libraries: Ant Design, Material UI ...

### Back End

Framework: Spring Boot

### Database

MongoDB, MySQL

## Developing Plan

### Important time Point

First version with full feature: 4 weeks before Sep. 7th.

### Iteration Plan

#### 6.15 - 6.22

Focus on developing preparation.

- git
- deploy
- front end server
- back end server
- database server
- API doc

#### 6.22 - 6.29

Database implementation, Including connect and interact successfully with back end

Front end init

User Auth system, including login & register

#### 6.29 - 7.6

Database implementation (Finished)

User Auth system (Finished)

Organization relationship

#### 7.6 - 7.13

Reviewing system

#### 7.13 - 7.20

Reviewing system (Continuing)

#### 7.20 - 7.27

Reviewing system (Finished)

#### 7.27 - 8.3

User profile editing

Organization Management

#### 8.3 - 8.10

**First version to deploy and testing**

#### 8.10 - 8.17

*Delay to this week if some tricky bugs are encountered*